Let's say you're making
a movie recommendation site.
Not that I would know anything help
working at large streaming movie sites.
And let's say our recommendation algorithm
that we want to try today is we want to
say I was like alright, this person
has seen, 45 films by Halle Berry.
They probably really like Halle Berry or
Kristen Stewart, for example, but
today we're gonna be using Halle Berry.
We wanna query our network for
things that Halle Berry has acted in.
And then we want to jump to like
recommendations have people that have been
in films with Halle Berry so
that they can go check out other films.
So the way that we could do that
is we can come in and say, match.
Halle as a person,
right and then acted in.
And we wanna jump, but
we don't wanna jump too far, right?
So as you may imagine,
I don't wanna jump to this person has been
in this too far of a network effect,
we wanna just jump to immediately,
has been in the same
film with Halle Berry.
So we can do acted in Star and
then we do one dot dot four.
And that's going to put an upper cap
of how far this will explore our graph.
Okay, and then I'm not going to add
a directionality because they're going
to have both,
directions in both directions.
I wanna say this is gonna be our
recommendation the person that we wanna
recommend to our movie viewer
that really likes Halle Berry.
Okay, and then we'll say where.
Halle dot name equals, Halle Berry [SOUND]
RETURN DISTINCT [SOUND]
Recommendation [SOUND] Dot name
And then we also want to put an order by
right because if someone continually shows
up in a lot of films with Halle Berry,
that would be a good indication that we'd
want to recommend someone,
this particular actor or actress.
So when I say order by.
Recommendation.name.
We could also put count
star here, and say.
Count star comma recommendation dot name.
All right.
So now we should be
able to run this query.
And we'll get back.
In this particular case,
no one's been in here we go.
Probably should have done that descending.
Let's read that again.
So now you can see Carry on mass
Canneries and Laurence Fishburne and
Meg Ryan have all been in
three films with Halle Berry.
So this is a good indication,
we should recommend this film or
these actors and actresses.
To this person that
really likes Halle Berry.
This is a terrible
recommendation algorithm.
But I think you can kind of see here,
you can kind of explore graphs and
see the interesting ways
things are connected.
Like this would be better for
like bands for example, right?
Like if you listen to this band a lot and
your friend listens to the same band a lot
and they also listen to this other
than a ton than you don't right.
That would be a good recommendation,
for you.
So let's talk about the one,
dot four here.
This is kind of letting it know the upper
bounds of how far you want to jump.
If I put six here because
I think this is it also
includes you have to jump to a film and
then to a person.
I think if I put six here you're
gonna get a lot more people right for
example, her very extended right so
people that have acted in films.
With Haile Berry that I've
acted with someone else, right,
that's the extended network.
If you add an additional hop there,
for whatever reason,
Hugo Weaving is very much
in her extended network.
And also for that matter,
that's probably most of the graph
at this point because that's a very wide
graph if you if you allow for two hops